README.md, before:

# komidore64

Hi, I'm Adam.

Check out [my little blog](https://maprys.net) if you want to read words I've
written.

I've been writing [Ruby][rubylang] and [Ruby on Rails][ruby-on-rails] for many
years. As a result that's what I'm most comfortable with.

More recently I've began taking an interest in lower level languages like
[C][c-lang] and [Zig][ziglang], but no cool projects have come out of those
explorations yet.

[rubylang]: https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/
[ruby-on-rails]: https://rubyonrails.org/
[c-lang]: https://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/
[ziglang]: https://ziglang.org/

## Code Forges

- [GitHub](https://github.com/komidore64)
- [SourceHut](https://sr.ht/~komidore64)

## Contributed Projects

- [hammer-cli](https://github.com/theforeman/hammer-cli)
- [hammer-cli-katello](https://github.com/Katello/hammer-cli-katello)
- [hammer-cli-sam](https://github.com/Katello/hammer-cli-sam)
- [katello](https://github.com/Katello/katello)
- [foreman-infra](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-infra)
- [obal](https://github.com/theforeman/obal)

Commit message:

add a paragraph about code analysis favorites

README.md, after:

# komidore64

Hi, I'm Adam.

Check out [my little blog](https://maprys.net) if you want to read words I've
written.

I've been writing [Ruby][rubylang] and [Ruby on Rails][ruby-on-rails] for many
years. As a result that's what I'm most comfortable with. [Python][pythonlang]
is a close second.

[rubylang]: https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/
[ruby-on-rails]: https://rubyonrails.org/
[pythonlang]: https://www.python.org/

Enabling static analysis tools is one of the first things I include for any new
project. Using style, analysis, metrics, and code-smell scanners are
monumentally helpful to building readable software that's easy to maintain.
Some of my favorites are [RuboCop][rubocop], [Bundler Audit][bundler-audit],
and more recently [RubyCritic][rubycritic].

[rubocop]: https://rubocop.org/
[bundler-audit]: https://github.com/rubysec/bundler-audit
[rubycritic]: https://github.com/whitesmith/rubycritic

More recently I've began taking an interest in lower level languages like
[C][c-lang] and [Zig][ziglang], but no cool projects have come out of those
explorations yet.

[c-lang]: https://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/
[ziglang]: https://ziglang.org/

## Code Forges

- [GitHub](https://github.com/komidore64)
- [SourceHut](https://sr.ht/~komidore64)

## Contributed Projects

- [hammer-cli](https://github.com/theforeman/hammer-cli)
- [hammer-cli-katello](https://github.com/Katello/hammer-cli-katello)
- [hammer-cli-sam](https://github.com/Katello/hammer-cli-sam)
- [katello](https://github.com/Katello/katello)
- [foreman-infra](https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-infra)
- [obal](https://github.com/theforeman/obal)
